In this lecture, we are going to implement the account event handler with methods that subscribe to
the event press to consume the bank account events once consumed, it will create or alter the state
of bank accounts in the bank account read database.
Thus, we will also need to implement the account repository to interact with the MySQL database, where
we are going to store our bank account records, navigate to the hander's package under the bank account
query API project.
Let's create a new interface and call it account event handler.
Now, let's define four methods each for handling one of the bank account events.
Let's start with the account.
Open the event.
And let's add another one for the fans deposit to the event.
Said one for the funds withdrawn event
and then the last one for handling the account closed event.
Now, let's create a class that implements the account event handler, and we can call it a current
event handler, EMPL.
Let's start by marking it with the service sanitation and also by marking it with a processing group
annotation, remember, Exxon keeps track of the offset of each processing group to make sure that it
always consumes the latest event.
And as mentioned before, Exxon manages the consumer offsets for each processing group.
Separately, let's add a field for the account repository.
Now, we must still create the account repository, let's add a new interface and call it a card repository.
It is going to extend the credit repository.
Which will basically allow us to interact with MySQL database, where we are going to store our bank
account records.
That's all we have to do.
And go ahead and create a public constructor and we will use Orta Wired so that it's injected via dependency
injection.
Let's do the assignment,
OK?
Now, also go ahead and add the event handler annotation on each of our methods.
Now, remember, the event handlers basically defines the business logic to be performed within the
event is consumed from the event.
So for our first event handler method, when we consume the account open event, we want to create a
new record in our bank account database.
So let's use the builder to construct our bank account, domain model or entity.
We can set the idee.
Then our account holder idee.
The creation date.
Then the account type.
And we can set the balance.
And we can call bold so that the boulder returns the constructed entity and then we can simply use the
save method of the account repository that's, by the way, available out of the box.
OK, now let's implement the funds deposited event handler.
Let's first get our bank account record from our MySQL database by calling the find by Idee method and
we can get the idea from the event object.
And then let's do a check to see if we actually have a bank account, we can use the is empty.
If it is empty, then we will just return or else we are going to get the bank account and then we will
update the balance to the balance that is carried with the event object, and then we'll simply invoke
the save method again.
OK, now let's copy the funds deposited positive event handlers code because for the funds withdrawn
event, our code will look exactly the same.
And then finally, let's implement our account closed event handler and we will simply invoke the delete
by Idy method of our account repository.
OK, that concludes the implementation of our account event handler and account repository.
So let's build our projects.
And then everything should build successfully.